https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/IOIPRAC/problems/INOI1202 len of sampleio not equal
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/JUNE17/problems/PRMQ len of sampleio not equal
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/SNEL17RP/problems/CHEFPRAD error in case 3
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/SNCKEL17/problems/CHEFPRAD error in case 3
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/MAY17/problems/CHEFBATL atleast one of input array or output array is empty
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/COOK80/problems/MEETUP atleast one of input array or output array is empty
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/MARCH17/problems/BEARTRAP atleast one of input array or output array is empty
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/DEAD2017/problems/DL2016C len of sampleio not equal
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/DEAD2017/problems/DL2016D len of sampleio not equal
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/DEAD2017/problems/DL2016B len of sampleio not equal
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/CDVA17/problems/CDVA1707 atleast one of input array or output array is empty
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/COSU2017/problems/VORTEX7 error in case 1
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/COSU2017/problems/VORTEX7 atleast one of input array or output array is empty
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/COSU2017/problems/VORTEX2 error in case 1
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/COSU2017/problems/VORTEX2 atleast one of input array or output array is empty
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/JAN17/problems/DIGITSEP atleast one of input array or output array is empty
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/LTIME43/problems/MSTQS len of sampleio not equal
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/INF16MOS/problems/INF16I atleast one of input array or output array is empty
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/AMR16MOS/problems/AMR16F atleast one of input array or output array is empty
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/QCDJ2016/problems/QRK02 atleast one of input array or output array is empty
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/QCDJ2016/problems/QRK07 atleast one of input array or output array is empty
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/QCDJ2016/problems/QRK05 atleast one of input array or output array is empty
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/QCDJ2016/problems/QRK04 atleast one of input array or output array is empty
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/QCDJ2016/problems/QRK01 atleast one of input array or output array is empty
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/GMCO2016/problems/GMCO16SS len of sampleio not equal
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/COOK73/problems/ALICE error in case 1
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/COOK73/problems/ALICE atleast one of input array or output array is empty
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/MAY16/problems/CHBLLS error in case 1
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/MAY16/problems/CHBLLS error in case 1
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/MAY16/problems/CHBLLS atleast one of input array or output array is empty


#manually found errors
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/AUG16/problems/TRICONT
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/AUG16/problems/CHEFTRE
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/AUG16/problems/MAXGRID
https://www.codechef.com/api/contests/AUG16/problems/GOODPROB
and other august 16 problems
